(Yuma)
Last time
on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
(Mr. Heartland)
It's time to
turn up the heat!
Ladies and
gentlemen,
may I present to you,
the Magma Field!
And it looks like Quattro
and Shark are headed there
for a fiery faceoff!
Let's duel!
(Shark)
With these
three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network,
and Xyz Summon!
Number 32,
Shark Drake!
(Quattro)
That Number,
It belonged to Trey.
Did Vetrix use Trey to
pass the Number to Shark?
Has he been plotting
this duel the whole time?
Why yes.
Didn't I
mention it?
(laughing)
I intend for the Number
Shark Drake to consume Shark.
That will make him
prone to my influence,
and I can use him
to finish Dr. Faker.
You're not using me for
anything, understand?
But why Vetrix?
Why have you chosen
Shark, why not me?
Each person has their own
role to fill in my plans.
But to be quite clear, you
are not the stronger duelist.
That honor
goes to Shark.
You're wrong!
I will never
accept that!
(Quattro)
I overlay Level 8
Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker
and Gimmick Puppet
Magnet Doll!
And Xyz Summon,
Number 40: Gimmick
Puppet of Strings!
Prepare to be
petrified
because now I equip
Gimmick Puppet of Strings
with the spell
String of Destiny!
Now, attack Gimmick Puppet,
with Celestial Slash!
Ahh...
(Quattro)
I activate Gimmick Puppet of
Strings' special ability!
At the end of
your next turn,
the String Counter will
destroy Shark Drake,
and your chances
of winning!
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
Shark, wake up!
I gotta help him.
Can you get me out
of this chain, Astral?
(Vetrix)
No one can free
you but me.
(laughing)
(Vetrix)
And right now Yuma,
I think I'll keep
your meddling ways
under lock
and key.
(laughing)
Aww...
(Quattro)
Shark, nap time's over!
Time to get
up and duel!
Or were you hoping
that if you lie there,
I might show your
pathetic self some pity?
Well you'll get no such
sympathy from me!
Get up and duel, you owe it
to your sister, don't you?
(Number 32)
Shark!
(Shark)
You again.
It's time, Shark!
Let me enter
your mind and soul.
Let me take hold.
Yeah, right,
no chance.
I won't join you.
I will not let
you take hold!
(Yuma)
Stand up Shark,
please, stand up.
Are you okay?
I'm...
not sure.
What's wrong
with him, Yuma?
He is struggling.
I believe a Number
is trying to take over
both his mind
and soul.
Oh, man.
(Number 32)
Accept me and
we will be unstoppable.
Together we shall
defeat your foe!
Do not deny yourself
the revenge
you have long
desired.
Allow me to take
hold of you!
I'll never
join you.
Never!
You hear me?
I'll never
join you.
Never!
I draw!
And activate
the spell
Different Dimension
Deepsea Trench!
This card forces me to
banish Shark Drake!
What?
He banished it?
A most impressive
maneuver.
Shark not only
eliminated
the Number's efforts
to merge with him,
but by banishing
Shark Drake,
Quattro's Gimmick
Puppet of Strings'
special ability
does not activate.
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode!
Quattro,
you're up.
(Quattro)
Not a bad move,
Shark.
Congrats on
buying yourself
a little more
time to stay afloat.
But eventually
you will be sunk.
Look at the
cold hard facts.
First, my Gimmick
Puppet of Strings
has 3,000
attack points!
Second, it's equipped
with String of Destiny.
And third, your life points
are no match for my own!
Face it, there's no way
you can win this!
(Vetrix)
Your confidence may be your
undoing, Quattro.
The equip spell
String of Destiny
is quite the
risky card to play.
So risky, Quattro,
that if things do not
go the way you plan,
you could ultimately fall
flat on your face like Yuma.
If the top card you send to your
graveyard is a monster card,
you can attack
multiple times.
But if it isn't,
you're in trouble.
You see, you've left your
ability to strike at Shark
entirely up
to chance now.
Well, I believe
luck is on my side.
Leaving your fate to fortune
is the path of a fool!
I on the other hand
do not prescribe
to relying
on luck.
You cling to your
"silly" feelings,
and employ none of the
strategy of your brothers.
You are simply
raw emotion...
You're wrong!
See, you
prove my point.
You should be approaching
this duel scientifically.
Strategically.
But I'm not even sure you
are capable of doing that.
You know what?
I think I know why you've
got a problem with me.
You resent the fact
that I don't grovel
to you like
my brothers.
And yes, I may
talk back,
but I'm no less
loyal to you.
Vetrix!
You know something,
I miss my father!
The man named
Byron Arclight!
He believed in me and
in all my brothers too.
But all he's become
is a coldhearted,
revenge-obsessed child
who just gives my brothers
and I orders instead of love.
But Trey, Quinton,
and I all still obeyed you!
I guess it's in memory of
the father you used to be.
That's why I did
everything you've asked
to stir Shark's anger.
You're pathetic
know that?
I don't care if Vetrix
was calling the shots!
You're still paying
for everything you
did to me, Quattro!
You can try
and collect,
but you're gonna be walkin'
away empty handed!
And once you've
been beat,
I'll see that Dr. Faker
gets his due.
And after I defeat Faker,
maybe then Vetrix
will start believing
in me again, like before.
He just needs to see
I can deliver results.
Hopefully that'll
be the first step
in getting my
real father back.
But until he returns,
I have to accept that Vetrix
won't ever believe in me.
You think you're the only
one I don't have faith in?
Think again.
Your brothers are
just as useless.
I'd sooner believe
in three baboons!
I can rely on you
three for one thing.
To constantly deliver
disappointment.
The only person I have
faith in is myself.
Because it was my own cunning
that got me back to this world.
Poor Quattro.
You may not believe in me,
but that doesn't matter!
I believe in myself!
I'm more than just
your pawn, Vetrix.
I've become a World Famous
Dueling Champion
and I'm going to show you
exactly why right now!
It's my turn!
I draw!
This next move will
prove to you
that I have both the
luck and skill to win!
By attacking with Gimmick
Puppet of Strings,
my Equip Spell String
of Destiny now activates!
I draw one card from my deck
and send it to the graveyard!
If it's a monster,
I can attack the
same number of times
as that
monster's level!
Now this duel will end
the way it was meant to!
No!
It appears that luck was
not on Quattro's side.
But why?
That means Quattro
can't attack!
Maybe not, but
I have other ideas.
I summon Gimmick Puppet
Scissor Arms from my hand!
I can double
Scissor Arms' Level
by destroying
String of Destiny!
It was hurting me more
than helping me anyway.
By doing that,
Scissor Arms
becomes Level 8!
Curious.
It appears Quattro implemented
a very unique strategy.
If he had only summoned Scissor
Arms instead of attacking
with Gimmick Puppet
of Strings earlier,
he could have attacked with both
monsters and won this duel.
Maybe...
he just forgot?
(Vetrix)
I warned Quattro to approach
this strategically!
But he chose not to listen and
lost the chance to attack.
Serves him right!
I tribute Gimmick
Puppet of Strings!
Now I can bring out
Gimmick Puppet Nightmare!
When I Xyz Summon,
Gimmick Puppet Nightmare
counts as two monsters
instead of one!
This can't fail!
I overlay my
Level 8 Scissor Arms
and my two Gimmick
Puppet Nightmares!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
And Xyz Summon!
My real "ace in the hole."
Now arise Number 88.
Gimmick Puppet of Leo!
(Astral)
Quattro's Gimmick Puppet of Leo
is extremely powerful.
This does not bode
well for Shark.
I activate
Leo's ability.
I can remove one Overlay
Unit from Leo each turn.
When it runs out
of them, I win!
So I don't need to
do anything at all
but wait for your defeat
in just a few moments.
His monster's
special ability
has practically
assured his victory!
Incredible!
What a monster!
(Quattro)
And now my Gimmick
Puppet of Leo
only has one
Overlay Unit left,
so on my next
turn, I win!
I'm afraid there's nothing
left for you to do now
but accept
that you, Shark,
are moments from
losing the duel!
That can't be.
Shark can't lose
to this guy.
(Astral)
His situation is
most precarious.
Shark must
somehow destroy
Gimmick Puppet of Leo
to avoid defeat.
(Shark)
This can't be
happening!
I'm going to lose--
to Quattro?
I was so close
to getting my revenge!
Now it's
slipping away!
I've got to do
something, think!
(Vetrix)
Hello, Shark.
Vetrix.
You know I happen to see a
way out of this for you!
Simply approach this
sticky situation
the way Quattro never
could, strategically.
Vetrix, stay
out of this!
I don't need you helping
Shark find a way to beat me!
You've already lost,
you're useless to me.
Your role in my designs has
ended, congratulations.
You did an
adequate job.
I'll take it
from here, Quattro.
I see no further
need for you.
Vetrix.
(Vetrix)
Shark!
We both know you can't walk
away from this duel a loser!
Now do what needs
to be done.
Unless of course
you no longer care
about getting even
with Quattro.
No, I will have
my revenge.
Ah, splendid, I'm glad we're
on the same page, then.
That rage makes you
ideal to do my bidding.
Quiet!
I'm not helping you!
Shark!
(Shark)
What's going on?
It seems that
Number 32: Shark Drake
wants to get
your attention.
(Vetrix)
You know what you have
to do to win!
Summon Shark Drake.
Nooooooooooooo!
(Number 32: Shark Drake)
Shark...
(Vetrix)
It's calling you.
Shark Drake
is calling you!
(maniacal laughing)
No, no!
(Vetrix)
Stop fighting!
Defeat Quattro
once and for all.
No.
(Vetrix)
Stop pretending there
is another course.
This is your
only option.
The one way to win is to
let the Number take hold.
There is no other path to
victory in this duel!
You want to win
this duel don't you?
Hurry, before it's too late
and the time has passed.
Let the Number take hold
and get your revenge!
I must have
revenge!
No don't, don't
give in, Shark.
This duel, this
is my one chance.
No Shark.
Fight the Number,
fight it.
(Shark)
From the moment Quattro
showed up in my life,
he's been
messing it up!
Ever since then, I've dreamed
of only one thing!
To get
revenge on him!
If I can finally get that,
nothing else matters!
I must defeat
Quattro!
It is the only way
this can end!
So now I know
what I must do.
(Number 32: Shark Drake)
Shark...
My turn, I draw!
And I think I'll begin
by flipping over
my Deep Sweeper
in defense mode!
Then I switch
it to attack mode!
Now I'll activate Deep
Sweeper's special ability!
Which means I can tribute
it to destroy a spell,
so I'm getting rid
of Deepsea Trench!
Now that Deepsea
Trench is gone,
Shark Drake
returns to my field!
is back?
Badder than ever.
This move could have dire
consequences for Shark.
No way.
(Shark)
Now the all-powerful Shark
Drake returns to my field!
Well, it won't be
here for long
since my Gimmick Puppet of
Leo has more attack points!
Face it, your Shark Drake's
no match for my Number!
Correction Quattro, it's no
match for your Number yet!
Say what?
You heard
me right!
My next move is the
beginning of your end!
Shark Drake,
the time has come!
Let us unite so that we
can merge and evolve!
What's happening?
Nothing good!
Go Chaos
Xyz Evolution!
Appear,
Chaos Number 32!
Shark Drake Veiss!
Whoa, Shark Drake
became a Chaos Number.
How is it that
Shark is capable
of summoning a monster
such as this?
Very well done, Shark.
I just knew you were
the right choice.
No, it's a nightmare.
I activate Shark Drake' Veiss'
special ability!
I use one Overlay Unit to banish
Aero Shark from my graveyard!
Now your monster
loses attack points
equal to Aero Shark's
attack points!
Your Gimmick Puppet of Leo is
now as harmless as a kitten!
What?
And now Shark
Drake Veiss,
attack his Gimmick
Puppet of Leo!
Go Chaos Stream!
Shark did it,
he won.
Excellent dueling,
well done.
Vetrix!
You are truly worthy
of taking down Faker.
No, you're wrong.
You're the only one
I'm taking down!
You'll regret messing
with me, that's a promise.
Such enthusiasm,
I like that.
But you see you and I are
not meant to duel yet.
It is not in the cards.
Face me!
No, I think not.
Oh no, Shark.
(Vetrix)
Yuma Tsukumo.
I'll be keeping
an eye on you
to see just how far
"feeling the flow"
can take you in
this tournament.
(maniacal laughter)
Where'd he go?
Shark,
I'm so sorry,
about everything.
Yeah, right!
After everything
you pulled?
You have to
believe me.
It was all
because of Vetrix!
I never should have followed
his orders, but I did.
When I dueled
your sister,
Vetrix forced me
to use a powerful card.
It caused
a huge fire.
It was because of that card
that she wound up hurt.
I felt terribly
about what had happened,
and even rescued her
from the blaze.
I never meant
to hurt her,
but that's what
Vetrix planned.
As his son,
I didn't think,
and just did
what my father asked.
You have to
believe me.
I never wanted
to hurt her, Shark.
I believe you.
You're the reason she escaped
the fire in one piece.
Yes but it--
it's all my fault!
They were my
actions after all.
So if you're going
to hate someone, hate me.
I deserve it for
what I've done.
I beg of you, help me Shark,
I need you, I need him.
Please, Shark.
Bring my real
father back!
Quattro!
When you do,
tell him this.
We'll be waiting,
all of my brothers and I
for him to rejoin
us as a family,
just like before.
Quattro!
Shark,
wait, Shark.
Did you hear what
Quattro said?
So, are you gonna help us
take down Vetrix or not?
Are you listening?
Yeah, now you
listen, Yuma.
I'm going after Vetrix
regardless of Quattro,
'cause that creep
needs to learn
never, ever
mess with me.
But Shark...
I see that Shark wants
to duel for the wrong reason!
I just wish I could talk
some sense into him.
Dueling's not
about revenge.
Yuma, perhaps
your actions
will speak louder than
your words will?
If you follow
your instincts,
then others will
follow your lead.
(Yuma)
You're right, and I know
I'm on the right path!
So watch out, 'cause
there's no stopping me!